Excellent organizational and time management skills
Passionate about technology and AI
Great attention to detail
Possess an analytical mind
Ability to manage and thrive in a fast paced, performance driven environment
Strong delegator and collaborator
Strong cultural leader with a high degree of credibility and ability to influence people easily
Master communicator

Our ideal candidate is a natural leader, self-starter, quick learner,
and a consummate multi-tasker with great executive presence and an exceptional
technical background developing enterprise software, implementing ERP and CRM platforms, and driving highly engaging user experiences with technology. They will thrive in a fast-paced environment, be flexible, personable, and a strategic thinker to define vision, system/platform/software architecture and solutions with a high degree of business acumen and understanding of business process optimization and grassroots innovation.

At least 15+ years of engineering and software development experience
Commercial software development experience including JavaScript, HTML5, CSS3, C++ and Python
8+ years in management roles
BS in computer science, engineering or related field
Deep enterprise-grade software, systems and data architecture experience
Experience with big data processing systems and technologies
Proficient in transforming a product from start-up to scalable enterprise solution
Demonstrated experience building and managing first class technology platforms and cloud-based SaaS solutions
Proven experience providing professional services and developing software for B2B enterprise-level customers
Proven success working collaboratively with internal teams and delivering and supporting successful products and solutions on time and on budget
Knowledge of network infrastructure and system communication
Data security experience
Cloud/SaaS using AWS and private cloud
Expertise in SQL, MYSQL cloud-based systems
Experience with both Windows OS and Linux OS
Knowledge of Bluetooth (BLE) technology
Commercial Software Development experience in JavaScript, HTML5 & CSS3
Experience managing front-end development for web, iOS and Android
Internal security and operations experience
Experience in creating patentable algorithms is a plus
Experience with payment systems integration is a plus
Skilled at managing external vendors (SOW to product delivery)
Must be comfortable speaking with customers, investors and senior leadership
Ability to communicate, inspire and motivate team
Ability to think and act strategically and proactively
Strong writing and presentation skills

Knowledge, Skills, & Abilities Knowledge, skills, and abilities required by the position

Master's degree preferred.

Over five years of relevant management experience required.

Equivalent combination of education and relevant experience may be substituted.

Knowledge of Board of Regents policies, procedures, governance, and functions.

Knowledge of current trends and innovation in higher education.

Knowledge of federal and state laws, rules and regulations impacting higher education.

Knowledge of University System of Georgia ethics policy.

Skill in written communication to executive and subject matter expert audiences.

Skill in managing and leading a professional staff.

Skill in collaborating with multiple constituents.

Skill in decision making and problem solving.

Skill in strong leadership, interpersonal, relationship building and management.

Skill in oral and written communication.

Ability to lead people toward meeting the organization’s vision, mission, and goals.

Ability to manage human, financial and information resources.

Ability to respond diplomatically to sensitive and critical issues.

Ability to effectively manage multiple demands and to meet strict deadlines.

Ability to analyze information and identify trends and data.

Ability to summarize complex information and data.

Preferred Qualifications And Skills

Strong leadership, interpersonal, relationship building and management skills

Advanced degree in technical, business, or management discipline

Proficient in understanding of business enabling technology application systems development life cycle and support processes (e.g., Project Management Professional, Certified System Engineering Profession, IT/IL Foundation Certification)

Successful implementation and management of ERP systems (e.g., Student Information System, Learning Management System, Human Capital Management System, Financial System, Reporting and Business Intelligence Systems) within higher education

Ability to present to and collaborate with USG executive leaders

Demonstrated experience managing and integrating strategic and operational efforts that resulted in significant improvements and transformative change

Excellent organization skills, self-directed, and naturally collaborative in nature for solution design and problem resolution

Strong communication skills, able to present complex data to executive leadership, operational leadership, and governance audiences

Proficient in process design and/or the direction of process design development, implementation, and operations

Strong vendor contract and engagement management skills
8-10 years successful program management experience.
10+ years of experience leading business system change efforts.
Demonstrated experience managing multiple cross-functional teams from diverse units.
Strong ERP application technology integration knowledge and understanding of ERP technology development processes, environment management, and configuration management.
Proven experience in managing budgets, risk, and timelines of application development projects.
Relational database experience, preferably Oracle
Security related software development experience.

At least 3 years of experience in software engineering, React knowledge a plus
Experience writing network services or asynchronous code
Experience both with REST and Websocket based web services
Experience building framework and platform agnostic packages
Proven ability to successfully deliver a greenfield product
Ability to take extreme ownership over your work with an uncanny forensic attention to detail
You’re constantly striving to learn new things and improve. You follow industry news, regularly tinker with new technologies, and read books and blogs to keep your skills current

You are a CTO with previous start up experience
Insurtech intrigues you and you've had exposure to the insurance industry
You excel at building and mentoring teams in a dynamic, collaborative culture
Love being the person on the front lines at tech forums talking about solutions and helping engage customers and investors 



